---
title: blog week 5
layout: post
author: oscar.midgleymasters
permalink: /blog-week-5/
source-id: 14DdueW0kK7dQjyyd5i3wNsdBnYiMkhdTuBHrk6yvVts
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today i learnt to speed up my overall work that will be faster if you just make the most of what you have been given i learned to use the code effectively by actually reading into the meaning of them, which helped me make more sense of everything I had to type, instead of just ignorantly reading and copying the commands down. One of the strategies I used to understand the instructions was to look either side of where one specific piece of code had been placed, examining the commands on the sides in question, which allowed me to understand the importance of that one piece of information.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of the things that may have held me back a little was probably anticipating what was meant to come next. Doing this meant that sometimes I made an error in the execution of the code, which meant that we had to go back to, e.g Line 8, to change and *fix *the command there. Although I did not do this frequently, it was still detrimental to our progress
 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>One of the things that may have held me back a little was probably anticipating what was meant to come next. Doing this meant that sometimes I made an error in the execution of the code, which meant that we had to go back to, e.g Line 8, to change and *fix *the command there. Although I did not do this frequently, it was still detrimental to our progress
 
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


