---
title: blog week 4
layout: post
author: oscar.midgleymasters
permalink: /blog-week-4/
source-id: 1OcUi--eSRG59kzyK0xhwrU-OZV-WOIWAwJ_GxvyRctU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a game using variables</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>revise last week's blog for improvement </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to make a working game using variables </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> i did </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I have learnt that the easiest way to learn coding is to take the steps one piece at a time that way it gets easier the further you get As you have to read the book and then you can type the required code which gets easier the further you get so if you work hard on the training projects you will get the easiest way when you make your own project using the code  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>the one thing that limits my learning is the way that i forget to save my work as i had t completely finished my game when i started a new editor so i lost all my work. amd i also type quite slowly when i have to add in specific capitals and punctuation</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>i will make my learning better by speeding up my projects as. I don't take the project.  As an individual bit of code I take it as lots of different parts slowing down my work so it takes much longer meaning i take less time on my ability rather than speed </td>
  </tr>
</table>


